JUDY WOODRUFF: Good evening. I'm
Judy Woodruff
in Iowa, where we take a close
look at women
voters as we head into the final
weekend of
campaigning before the caucuses.
HARI SREENIVASAN: And I'm Hari
Sreenivasan
in Washington, D.C.
Also ahead on tonight's
"NewsHour": David
Brooks and E.J. Dionne talk
yesterday's Republican
debate and a full week of news.
Plus, Barbie gets a makeover:
Toy maker Mattel
introduces three new body types
and various
skin tones for the classic doll.
And how a ballet in Denmark
tells the story
of asylum seekers by using a mix
of professional
dancers and refugees.
MOHAMMED AL-ISHAQ, Refugee: This
will help
people in thinking differently
for refugees.
They look at us as normal human
beings, the
way we are, not just a parasite.
HARI SREENIVASAN: All that and
more on tonight's
"PBS NewsHour."
(BREAK)
HARI SREENIVASAN: American
consumers spent
less, businesses invested less
and companies
exported less at the end of
2015. As a result,
the economy slowed markedly.
Government data
released today put overall
growth at an annual
rate of just seven-tenths of a
percent from
October through December. For
the year as
a whole, the economy grew 2.4
percent, about
the same as the previous year.
Wall Street rallied on the news,
hoping that
weak growth might delay interest
rate hikes.
Strong earnings by tech firms
helped as well.
The Dow Jones industrial average
gained nearly
400 points to close at 16466.
The Nasdaq rose
107 points, and the S&P 500
added 47. But,
for the month, the Dow and the
S&P lost 5
percent. The Nasdaq fell almost
8 percent.
The State Department confirmed
today that
Hillary Clinton's private server
held 22 e-mails
that are now deemed top secret.
The Associated
Press reported State is
withholding those
e-mail chains from a batch being
released
today. Clinton used her own
server as secretary
of state. She has said none of
the material
she received was marked
classified.
Department spokesman John Kirby
said today
it's still not clear why that
happened.
JOHN KIRBY, State Department
Spokesman: It's
certainly possible that, for any
number of
reasons, traffic can be sent
that's not marked
appropriately for its
classification. I am
not making any judgment about
this. That's
why we're doing a review here at
the State
Department to look at the
classification at
the time the traffic was sent.
All I can tell you definitively
is it wasn't
marked classified at the time it
was sent.
HARI SREENIVASAN: A Clinton
campaign spokesman
criticized the decision to
withhold the e-mail
chains as overclassification run
amok. The
announcement came three days
before the Iowa
presidential caucuses. We will
hear from Judy
in Iowa after the news summary.
Talks aimed at ending Syria's
civil war got
off to a shaky start in Geneva
today. After
days of uncertainty, the main
opposition group
announced it will send a
delegation to meet
with a U.N. special envoy, but
not with Syrian
officials.
Today, the envoy met with
representatives
from Bashar al-Assad's
government, and he
urged the opposition to engage
if it wants
to be heard.
STAFFAN DE MISTURA, Special
United Nations
Envoy for Syria: We have been
strongly suggesting
to them that the best way to
actually discuss
the implementation of such type
of discussion
and therefore of improvement is
to be done
here and to do it with us, as
proxy talks
or directly, whatever is the
format.
HARI SREENIVASAN: The talks are
the first
since negotiations collapsed in
2014. The
Syrian civil war has killed more
than 250,000
people and displaced millions.
There's word U.S. military
leaders will ask
President Obama to send hundreds
of additional
troops to Iraq and Syria. The
New York Times
reports top commanders believe
it will take
more trainers, advisers and
commandos to defeat
the Islamic State group.
At the White House today,
spokesman Josh Earnest
rejected suggestions that the
president feels
the military has pressured him
and he resents
it.
JOSH EARNEST, White House Press
Secretary:
My eyebrows raised in the same
way that yours
apparently did when you read
that. What I
can tell you is the president is
quite pleased
with the kind of advice that he
gets from
his national security team. I
assure you that,
if anything, it is the leaders
at the Department
of Defense who are feeling
pressure from the
commander in chief to find new
ideas and new
ways to further intensify those
elements of
our strategy that are working.
HARI SREENIVASAN: There are
currently some
3,700 American troops in Iraq
and a small
contingent of special forces in
Syria.
The U.S. Navy has confirmed that
Iran flew
a surveillance drone over the
aircraft carrier
Harry S. Truman in the Persian
Gulf this month.
Iranian state TV showed footage
today, and
said it came from the unarmed
drone. An Iranian
commander called the pictures
beautiful and
accurate. U.S. officials branded
the move
abnormal and unprofessional, but
said the
drone posed no danger to flight
operations.
In Oregon, the last four armed
occupiers were
still holding out today at a
national wildlife
refuge. But, overnight, the FBI
released drone
video of the fatal shooting of
LaVoy Finicum.
He was the militia spokesman
killed Tuesday
by Oregon troopers.
Special agent Greg Bretzing said
Finicum fled
from a traffic stop, then ran
into a roadblock,
seen in this graphic footage.
GREGORY BRETZING, FBI Special
Agent in Charge:
The truck gets stuck in the
snowbank. Finicum
leaves the truck and steps
through the snow.
On at least two occasions,
Finicum reaches
his right hand toward a pocket
on the left
inside portion of his jacket. He
did have
a loaded .9-millimeter
semiautomatic handgun
in that pocket. At this time,
OSP troopers
shot Finicum.
HARI SREENIVASAN: Finicum had
said he'd rather
die than go to jail, but other
members of
the militia have claimed he did
nothing to
provoke the shooting. Ten other
members of
the group are already in
custody. Late today,
a federal judge ordered the
occupation's organizer,
Ammon Bundy, and his brother
Ryan held without
bail.
Operations stopped at the
largest port complex
on the East Coast this morning,
after thousands
of longshoremen walked off the
job. The Port
Authority of New York and New
Jersey said
it had no advance notice. A
union spokesman
said the longshoremen are
rebelling against
interference in port operations
by an anti-corruption
commission.
And President Obama has unveiled
new efforts
to close the pay gap between men
and women.
Proposed rules would mandate
that companies
with 100 or more employees
report salary data
by gender, race and ethnicity.
The information
would be used to enforce
existing discrimination
laws.
Still to come on the "NewsHour":
countdown
to the Iowa caucuses, why women
could hold
the winning votes for Hillary
Clinton or Bernie
Sanders; and what last night's
debate means
for the GOP; plus Barbie's new
look, toy manufacturers
picking up on diversity; and
much more.
HARI SREENIVASAN: And now to the
race of the
White House. It's crunch time
for the candidates
in Iowa as they make their final
push to Monday's
caucuses.
Republicans, minus Donald Trump,
battled on
the debate stage last night. For
the Democrats,
there is a last-minute push for
women voters.
Judy Woodruff joins us now from
Des Moines.
Judy, what's the mood now, as
the clock ticks
down toward the caucuses, less
than 72 hours
away?
JUDY WOODRUFF: Hi, Hari.
So, I did just get here last
night, but I
think it's safe to say that
everybody in the
state of Iowa, including the
majority of people
here who will not be
participating in the
caucuses Monday night, is very
aware there's
a presidential race under way.
Whether they
are a Republican or Democrat or
something
in between, they're aware that
this is a contest
like no other.
You have got a tight race in
both parties.
On the Republican side, that
phenomenon named
Donald Trump has managed to up
end the contest.
He's managed to, frankly, define
the way other
candidates are seen. When you
ask people,
even if they're not supporting
Donald Trump,
they will talk about their
candidate in relation
to Mr. Trump.
On the Democratic side, what was
supposed
to be a fairly predictable
contest, Hillary
Clinton presumed to be the
front-runner, has
faced a really stiff challenge
from Senator
Bernie Sanders. And that one's
turned out
to be a nail-biter too.
HARI SREENIVASAN: Judy, in
nail-biters, there's
often little things that make
that big difference.
Here it is, Friday afternoon
before the Iowa
caucuses. The State Department
says there's
22 more e-mails from the private
server that
she kept these e-mails in that
have been declared
top secret and won't be
released. Any reaction
from the Clinton camp today?
JUDY WOODRUFF: Well, Hari,
they're pretty
much reacting the way they have
to all these
other e-mail stories about the
private server
that she had at her home in New
York.
They are saying, first of all,
that all these
e-mails, whether they were
received by Secretary
Clinton or whether she sent
them, that they
were not classified or top
secret at the time.
They want -- repeatedly, they
said -- and
they said it again today -- we
want all e-mails
released. We don't think any of
these should
be kept back.
And the campaign press
secretary, Brian Fallon,
put out a statement saying this
is overclassification
run amok.
Having said that, it's clearly a
distraction
that they would rather not were
coming up
right now, just days before the
caucuses.
Now, I want to tell you that one
angle in
this Democratic race that we
were interested
in looking at is how women are
dividing their
vote here in Iowa between
Hillary Clinton
and Bernie Sanders.
So, our team spent the last few
days talking
to Democratic and
independent-leaning women
across the state.
It's three days out from the
Iowa caucuses,
and Democrats here have an
important decision
to make.
HILLARY RODHAM CLINTON (D),
Presidential Candidate:
I need you. Get everybody you
can to get out
Monday night.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Go with presumed
favorite,
former Secretary of State
Hillary Clinton,
veteran of the party power
structure?
HILLARY RODHAM CLINTON: Well, I
may not be
the youngest candidate in this
race, but I
will be the youngest woman
president in the
history of the United States.
(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)
HILLARY RODHAM CLINTON: And --
and the first
grandmother as well.
(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)
JUDY WOODRUFF: Or defy
expectations by sending
Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders
to the next
contest in New Hampshire with
new energy behind
his progressive message?
SEN. BERNIE SANDERS (VT-I),
Presidential Candidate:
If you are a woman, you
understand the history
of change, the suffragette and
the people
before the suffragettes who said
women will
not be considered as
second-class citizens.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Polls suggest the
race is close.
And political analysts here say
women are
a crucial demographic.
MARISSA SCHUSTER, Bernie Sanders
Supporter:
The fact that, yes, Hillary
worked towards
women's rights, but she was also
indifferent
about gay rights, lesbian
rights. Everything
on that spectrum, it constantly
changed. And
Bernie never did.
LINAE BRUSH, Hillary Clinton
Supporter: I
would be thrilled to see a woman
be president.
I think it's time past for that
to happen,
but that's not a big factor with
me. I want
the quality of the candidate,
and I think
she has the qualities we need
right now.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Clinton has made
women a main
focus, but they're proving
harder to persuade
than her campaign expected. A
recent Quinnipiac
poll of Iowa Democrats likely to
caucus shows
women overall back Clinton 54 to
40 percent.
But Sanders undermines that with
his enormous
lead with younger Democrats;
18-to-44 year
olds supported him 4-1.
He is leading with women under
45, and that
makes Clinton's job even harder.
Twenty-five-year-old Gwen Merz
is one of those
women. She plays in a weekly
dodge ball league
just outside of Des Moines,
where she just
moved recently from Illinois.
Merz says she
has already made up her mind.
Sanders won
her over when he took her
question at a campaign
event.
GWEN MERZ, Bernie Sanders
Supporter: And a
hundred percent answered what I
asked, and
that's so rare in a candidate.
If you look
at the last town hall, Bernie
answered a ton
of hard questions. They threw
them at him,
and he took them like a champ
and answered
them all correctly. And Hillary
just danced
around all the issues and didn't
have a straight
word to say.
JUDY WOODRUFF: On Wednesday,
Merz attended
this women for Bernie luncheon
in Des Moines,
where actress Susan Sarandon
urged attendees
to get out to vote for Sanders.
GWEN MERZ: Definitely a
flip-flopper.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Merz said
afterward she doesn't
think Hillary Clinton has
credibility.
GWEN MERZ: She's against this
issue, she's
now for this issue. And so it's
like, I want
somebody who has the chutzpah to
back up what
they say, instead of just, oh,
well, now it's
popular, let's be for it.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Bonnie Campbell
is the former
attorney general of Iowa. She
ran unsuccessfully
for governor as a Democrat in
1994 and now
works as a political consultant.
She's also
a strong supporter of Hillary
Clinton.
BONNIE CAMPBELL, Former Iowa
Attorney General:
When I was a young woman, there
was no birth
control and abortion was
absolutely out of
the question. It was illegal.
That's a battle
we have been fighting. And they
think -- I
think many young women think we
have won.
I think their lens is different.
It's shorter.
And they haven't hit the glass
ceiling yet.
They're still in college. They
haven't gone
out into the work world and
discovered that,
wait a minute, I don't get paid
as much as
that guy who does exactly the
same thing I
do.
JUDY WOODRUFF: The fact that
Clinton would
be the first female president
could improve
the lives of women in ways that
are hard to
measure.
BONNIE CAMPBELL: I want all the
little girls
out there to look up and see a
president take
the oath of office who's a woman
and say,
ah, I guess I could grow up to
be president.
It's more than just how you are
on issues.
JUDY WOODRUFF: But for many
women voters in
Iowa, especially younger ones,
it is issues
and the passion about pursuing
them that matters
more.
Radio Iowa reporter O. Kay
Henderson:
O. KAY HENDERSON, News Director,
Radio Iowa:
And one of the things that
Sanders has been
able to do is sort of light a
spark about
the idea of income inequality,
and he is the
messenger that would be able to
break up Wall
Street and the monopoly and the
corporate
America that he rails against.
Whereas Secretary
Clinton has focused in a more
measured way
on those issues, he has been
more liberal
and progressive.
ERIN CADY, Bernie Sanders
Supporter: Bernie
Sanders really focuses in on
giving everybody
equal opportunity and giving
everybody a chance,
I really believe, and being just
a humanitarian
and treating people as people
and not as just
a statistic.
RAEJEAN BODIE, Hillary Clinton
Supporter:
I have gotten more politically
active since
I have gotten older. And, you
know, I'm retired
now, and I think about my life
and my grandchildren's
life, and I think our country
would really
go forward with Hillary.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Both campaigns
are working
frantically to make sure their
supporters
show up to caucus Monday night.
But whatever
happens, the Clinton camp has
learned here
the contest for the nomination
may not only
take longer, but also involve a
tougher fight
for the votes of women than they
had counted
on.
From the Democratic battle for
women's votes,
to the Republican battle for the
spotlight.
Our political director Lisa
Desjardins reports
now on the large GOP field and
last night's
debate here in Iowa.
DONALD TRUMP (R), Presidential
Candidate:
I did something that was very
risky. And I
think it turned out great,
because I'm on
the front page of every paper.
I'm getting
more publicity.
LISA DESJARDINS: Donald Trump,
today in New
Hampshire, crowed about what
happened last
night in Des Moines.
DONALD TRUMP: This is an honor.
This is a
really -- honor.
LISA DESJARDINS: He held his own
rogue fund-raiser
for veterans, claiming to raise
at least $6
million, as just across town:
MEGYN KELLY, FOX News: Donald
Trump has chosen
not to attend.
LISA DESJARDINS: Seven other
Republicans gathered
to soak up the extra oxygen and
try to move
past Trump.
SEN. MARCO RUBIO (R-FL),
Presidential Candidate:
Chris, let's begin by being
clear what this
campaign is about. It's not
about Donald Trump.
He's an entertaining guy. He's
the greatest
show on earth. This campaign is
about the
greatest country in the world.
LISA DESJARDINS: This debate
drew fewer viewers
than all but one GOP face-off
this cycle,
around 12.5 million people. But
it kept up
in quality and quantity of
punches.
SEN. TED CRUZ (R-TX),
Presidential Candidate:
Chris, I would note that the
last four questions
have been, Rand, please attack
Ted. Marco,
please attack Ted. Chris, please
attack Ted.
Jeb, please attack Ted.
LISA DESJARDINS: Ted Cruz,
center stage in
Trump's absence, tussled with
the FOX News
moderators early on.
SEN. TED CRUZ: If you guys ask
one more mean
question, I may have to leave
the stage.
LISA DESJARDINS: But, before
long, the Texas
senator was on defense on
immigration.
SEN. TED CRUZ: I don't want
immigration reform
to fail.
LISA DESJARDINS: Confronted by
videotape of
what he said about a 2013
immigration compromise
in the Senate.
SEN. TED CRUZ: But, Megyn, the
bill was 1,000
pages. I introduced a series of
amendments,
each designed to fix problems in
the bill.
LISA DESJARDINS: But Cruz found
no friends
on stage. Senator Rand Paul
rejected his colleague's
words.
SEN. RAND PAUL (R-KY),
Presidential Candidate:
And that's an authenticity
problem, that everybody
he knows is not as perfect as
him, because
we're all for amnesty. I was for
legalization.
I think, frankly, if you have
border security,
you can have legalization. So
was Ted, but
now he says it wasn't so. That's
not true.
SEN. MARCO RUBIO: Never have and
never will
support any effort to grant
blanket legalization
amnesty.
LISA DESJARDINS: Marco Rubio,
too, had to
confront his immigration
Achilles' heel. Jeb
Bush reminded Republicans of
Rubio's past.
JEB BUSH (R), Presidential
Candidate: I'm
kind of confused because he was
the sponsor
of the Gang of Eight bill that
did require
a bunch of thresholds, but
ultimately allowed
for citizenship over an extended
period of
time. I mean, that's a fact. And
he asked
me to support that.
LISA DESJARDINS: Rubio shot back
at Bush,
his one-time mentor in Florida.
SEN. MARCO RUBIO: You wrote a
book where you
changed your position from a
path of citizenship
to a path of legalization. And
the bottom
line is this. We are not going
to be able
to do anything on this issue
until we first
bring illegal immigration under
control.
LISA DESJARDINS: In Trump's
absence, everyone
had more time. Chris Christie
presented himself
as a no-nonsense governor, and
hit a conservative
chord when asked to cut one
government function.
GOV. CHRIS CHRISTIE (R-NJ),
Presidential Candidate:
How about one that I have done
in New Jersey
for the last six years? And
that's get rid
of Planned Parenthood funding
from the United
States of America.
(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)
LISA DESJARDINS: John Kasich
aimed to be the
smart, grounded voice, and took
on topics
others often avoid.
GOV. JOHN KASICH (R-OH),
Presidential Candidate:
The time has come to stop
ignoring the mentally
ill in this country.
LISA DESJARDINS: And Ben Carson,
as he does
often, spoke broadly of freedom
and specifically
of the Constitution.
BEN CARSON (R), Presidential
Candidate: Do
ordain and establish this
Constitution of
the United States of America.
Folks, it's
not too late.
LISA DESJARDINS: And it will be
too late for
some candidates soon. Iowans
vote Monday.
For the "PBS NewsHour," I'm Lisa
Desjardins.
HARI SREENIVASAN: And now to the
analysis
of Brooks and Dionne. That's New
York Times
columnist David Brooks and
Washington Post
columnist and author of the new
book "Why
the Right Went Wrong" E.J.
Dionne. Mark Shields
is away.
E.J., let me start with you.
One of the big stories last
night was the
person who was not at the debate
stage. Did
Donald Trump make the right
decision?
E.J. DIONNE: You know, 24 hours
ago, I might
have said no. And at this point,
I think he
may have made the right
decision.
The no is based on the idea that
Iowa caucus-goers
are very serious about politics,
and they
wouldn't take kindly to a guy
who says I don't
like the moderator so I'm
skipping out.
But that debate produced so much
pummeling
of Ted Cruz -- and here I am
channeling Donald
Trump, who said, you know, he
got pummeled
today. The Des Moines Register
headline was
"Rough Night for Cruz."
Cruz is Trump's main competitor
for number
one, and so the results he
brought about may
actually help him here. I think
the other
thing that is indicative is that
today's talk
is very bullish on Marco Rubio,
and Cruz has
shifted his negative advertising
from Trump
to Rubio. He's got the ultimate
Republican
attack ad, Marco Rubio, the
Republican Obama.
So, Cruz, I think, is a little
concerned going
into this. A week or so ago, I
think you would
have said he was the favorite.
Now he's running
behind in the polls, and he's
being really
challenged from both ends.
HARI SREENIVASAN: All right,
what do you think?
Does this help or hurt Donald's
momentum going
into Iowa?
DAVID BROOKS: Yes, I think it
hurts. It hurts
them both. If you look at the
polls the last
four days, they have been
dropping, both Cruz
and Trump.
Rubio has been rising. Some of
the others
have been rising. And I thought
last night
hurt both Trump and Cruz, Trump
because he
looks petulant, he looks
spoiled. Shouldn't
have gone after Megyn Kelly. His
base of report
is 67-year-old white male
Republicans. Those
guys love Megyn Kelly. He
shouldn't have gone
after her.
But -- and then Cruz, as E.J.
said, just got
hit, hit badly, and then, as we
saw in Lisa's
clip, whined about it and really
got one-upped
by Chris Wallace in some of
those exchanges.
And so he -- his personality was
beginning
to show.
So, it's interesting. We have
four days of
them sliding. They have still
got comfortable
leads. Rubio and some others
rising. And I
do think Trump has a gigantic
turnout problem.
He attracts non-voters, people
who have not
traditionally voted. He does
very well on
people who haven't voted in the
last four
elections.
There's a good chance some chunk
of those
people won't turn out.
HARI SREENIVASAN: E.J., you were
just...
E.J. DIONNE: I think one thing
that should
be said is that Jeb Bush
probably had the
best night. If Trump did him the
favor, the
bully was gone, and Jeb really
found his voice.
That won't make any difference
here, where
Jeb isn't in contention, but it
could help
him in the fight to run at least
in New Hampshire.
And before we completely
discount Ted Cruz,
which is what the day's
conventional wisdom
is doing, he's got a very strong
organization
built on the evangelical
Christian movement.
And the evangelical Christian
movement has
won the last two Iowa caucuses
for their candidate,
Rick Santorum and before that
Mike Huckabee.
But there's no question that
Cruz is in a
kind of trouble today that he
hasn't been
in a while.
DAVID BROOKS: And, as E.J. says,
his turnout
base is the most secure. Those
people do come
out.
One of the odds things, also,
which E.J. just
referenced, is the ad wars.
Almost nobody
in this entire campaign has gone
after Donald
Trump, the front-runner, because
people are
afraid to take him on. And so
most of the
ads have been run, by some
measure, $22 million
on Marco Rubio, and Cruz today
shifted and
started attacking Rubio.
And so nobody wants to take on
Trump, either
because they are afraid what he
will do. They're
afraid of offending his voters.
But it's a
weird situation, where the
front-runner is
getting off scot-free so far.
And talk about
guy with big vulnerabilities.
But the ads
have not been -- with a couple
exceptions,
have not been run against him.
HARI SREENIVASAN: E.J.?
E.J. DIONNE: Although there are
a lot of outside
groups that have really kicked
in here.
Just watching my television, I
have seen a
lot of ads trying to tell people
Donald Trump
is not a conservative. I mean, I
think somebody
out there is putting money in to
try to get
at Donald Trump finally.
HARI SREENIVASAN: So, David, one
of the contentious
exchanges yesterday was between
Cruz and Rubio
on immigration. And you kind of
see the needle
that Rubio is trying to thread
here.
DAVID BROOKS: Yes, well, they
both flip-flopped,
as Bush sort of did.
I guess Rubio's flip has a
bigger flop. He
really was the leader of the
Gang of Eight.
What Cruz was doing, sort of in
the crucial
week, he was sort of trying to
figure out
where to position himself. And
he was leaning
in favor, or at least some
amendments that
would be in favor, and then he
decided to
side out against, where Rubio
really was a
champion.
What's sad is that it's now a
contest to see
who can be the most
anti-immigrant. And I
think that's the legacy of
Trump, and that
the idea that you could be for
some compromise
that would close the border and
then have
a path to citizenship, even
though popular
among Republicans nationwide, is
not popular
among Iowa caucus-goers.
So they are competing to show
how anti-immigrant
they are and they're competing
to show that
they would never make a
compromise with a
Democrat. And so they are really
appealing
to the hardest of the hard-core
right now.
HARI SREENIVASAN: But, E.J.,
what happens
if you take this sort of a
hard-line stance
on immigration now and let's you
make it to
the general and, if you're Marco
Rubio, you
might want those Latino votes?
E.J. DIONNE: Well, I think part
of the problem
Rubio has is, he's flipping and
flopping and
flipping and flopping on this
because he's
got in his head two things at
the same time,
which is, he knows his original
position wasn't
hard enough, not anti-immigrant
enough for
many Republican caucus-goers and
primary voters.
But then he has an eye at the
same time on
the general election, and those
Republicans
have to up their share of the
Latino vote
from where it was for Mitt
Romney the last
time. So I think he's twisted
himself into
many, many knots. There was --
Rubio had a
generally good debate, but he
didn't look
good there. Jeb Bush went on the
attack against
him really hard on this,
proving, among other
things, that Jeb Bush didn't
take kindly to
his protege challenging him in
the presidential
election.
But, on the whole, as David
said, it's a very
bad display by the Republicans,
not only of
an anti-immigrant feeling, but
of an awful
lot of opportunism at the top of
the party.
HARI SREENIVASAN: So, David, who
is stacked
where they are right now in one,
two and three
going into Iowa, and is that
likely to change?
DAVID BROOKS: Yes, I continue to
think -- and,
as viewers know, my predictions
have been
wrong consistently this entire
year -- but
I think the big story out of
Iowa will be
that Trump underperformed.
I do think he's got a turnout
problem. I think
that Sanders is going to
underperform too,
because he relies so much on
young voters.
But maybe they're a little more
mobilized
to actually show up. Remember,
going to the
caucus is a multihour
occupation. It's not
just going to a voting both and
getting out
of there.
And so it takes a big-time
commitment and
an amazingly small percentage of
Iowans actually
do it, I think one in six or
something like
that. And so it's -- getting
people out is
the core thing.
So, I think Trump's the most --
the most likely
story is that he will
underperform and we
will be talking about Cruz or
somebody else.
HARI SREENIVASAN: E.J., is that
how it stacks
up for you?
E.J. DIONNE: I think nobody
knows what Donald
Trump people are going to do. He
managed to
mobilize a lot of people very
quickly for
that veterans event.
I think a lot of people are
going to be looking
at the Des Moines Register, Des
Moines Register/Bloomberg
poll, which is -- has a good
history relative
to all the other polls here. I
think that
Trump needs a significant lead
in order to
come out winning, because there
clearly will
be some falloff in his vote.
But I think if he wins, he wins,
whether he
runs equal to the polls or not.
I think Cruz
is a guy who has got to win
here. I think,
if he loses here, he's the one
person who
could really be hurt by Iowa.
HARI SREENIVASAN: E.J., staying
with you for
a second, let's turn now to
Democrats. Sanders
and Clinton have been running
neck and neck
in certain polls. Sanders kind
of turned up
the heat on Clinton this week, a
line of attack
saying that she's too connected
to Wall Street.
Is that a strategy that could
work for him?
E.J. DIONNE: I think, in
Democratic primaries,
attacking someone for being too
close for
Wall Street always works. And,
clearly, Bernie
Sanders has found a very
substantial audience
for this message in the party.
I think that -- and this
last-minute story
about e-mails, as Judy mentioned
earlier,
is just not a story she wants to
come out
at the end of this, even if, as
her spokesman
said, it turns out that this is,
I think he
said overclassification run
amok. It's just
not the way she wanted to close.
The other side of that, though,
is that Hillary
Clinton is always best when
she's under pressure.
And she's probably run her best
part of the
campaign in the last week. You
could see that
in the CNN forum at the
beginning of the week.
She seems more comfortable.
And she does have a very, very
strong organization
and has an older electorate
behind her, which,
in a turnout contest, is better
than having
a younger electorate. The way I
see it is,
there are two sort of markers
for Bernie.
Some people compare him to
Howard Dean in
'04. And Dean had a lot of
support, and then
it just collapsed, a lot of
young people from
out of state who didn't vote
here.
Or Obama '08. Now, I think he's
well past
where Howard Dean was. I don't
think that
comparison is true. The question
is, how close
does he get to Obama? This is a
very tight
race. And smart people I have
talked to here
thinks this could be the race
that keeps us
up late on Monday night.
HARI SREENIVASAN: All right,
David, if it's
such a tight race, would
O'Malley supporters
play a role in where they decide
to -- especially
in those rooms, where they have
to walk from
one section of the corner over
to the other,
right?
DAVID BROOKS: It would have to
be really tight
for -- because there aren't that
many of those.
I think it is, as E.J. says, a
turnout thing,
and then a message thing.
Sanders just has
such a clean message. You don't
have to be
paying close attention. You know
what he's
all about. As E.J. says, Clinton
improves
as a campaigner when the going
gets tough.
But what's the core message of
the campaign?
What's the one single theme that
you know
about her?
You know her history. You know
her biography.
But she hasn't picked a theme.
The Wall Street
thing, I do think that works
very well among
the sort of people who show up
at these caucuses.
I think, substantively, it's
crazy.
HARI SREENIVASAN: As a line of
attack.
DAVID BROOKS: Yes.
But, substantively, people's
wages are down
because of technological change
and globalization,
not because of compensation
patterns on Wall
Street, as awful as they are.
But as a line
of attack, this election so much
has been
about the organization of
hatred. It's about
finding people or institutions
that people
in each party really distrust,
whether it's
Wall Street or Washington.
And if you can mobilize those,
that hostility,
that seems to be what is driving
people this
year.
HARI SREENIVASAN: Finally, E.J.,
I have got
to ask, is Iowa worth paying as
much attention
to? It's not by any stretch
demographically
representative of the entire
country.
Perhaps it's changed over the
last 50 years.
And this is now a reflection of
how the political
system has worked and who tries
to game it.
But should we be paying as much
attention
to this state?
E.J. DIONNE: Well, since I'm
sitting here,
I guess I should say the answer
is yes.
I think there are two things in
contradiction
here. On the one hand, it's
absolutely true
that neither Iowa nor New
Hampshire are representative
of the country as a whole,
beginning with
the fact that they have a much
higher percentage
of white voters than the country
as a whole.
But I end up -- I find myself
defending their
role, for the following reason.
Campaigns
have become so much about
advertising, candidates
going from airport tarmac to
airport tarmac,
that there is still something
lovely, if romantic,
about candidates having to
answer questions
from actual voters, instead of
us in the media.
And that part of it, I really
like.
HARI SREENIVASAN: All right.
Very briefly, David.
DAVID BROOKS: I agree. The
process is great,
but the results should be taken
with a grain
of salt.
I would be surprised if
especially the Republican
campaign was -- I think it will
be over maybe
in April, May. We have got a
long time to
go here -- maybe the Democratic
one, too.
HARI SREENIVASAN: All right,
David Brooks,
E.J. Dionne, thanks so much.
E.J. DIONNE: Great to be with
you. Thanks.
HARI SREENIVASAN: Stay with us.
Coming up on the "NewsHour":
drug shortages
lead to a kind of medical
rationing; refugees'
desperate journeys transformed
into ballet;
and a young girl takes charge of
her future
and her ROTC.
But, first, the iconic Barbie
doll, beloved
by some and loathed, decried by
others, is
going through something of a
transformation.
Toy maker Mattel is introducing
three new
Barbies with three different
body shapes.
The company acknowledges the
financial reasons
for the decision, but, more
importantly, the
changes are meant to deal with a
changing
marketplace and issues of
diversity in the
real world.
William Brangham has a look.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: This is what
the newly refashioned
Barbies are going to look like.
On the left,
that's the new petite Barbie. In
the middle
is the tall Barbie, and to
right, the curvy
Barbie.
In this behind-the-scenes video,
"TIME" magazine
was granted a look at the making
of the new
dolls. And in it, Mattel's
Evelyn Mazzocco
told "TIME" that the decision to
introduce
these new body styles was partly
about business,
but also about the growing sense
that the
original Barbie, with its wildly
unrealistic
body, needed to change.
EVELYN MAZZOCCO, Mattel: Our
decision to go
on this journey to really evolve
the brand
was inspired by many things. Of
course, it
was inspired by softness in
sales. It was
inspired by what we were seeing
on social
media about Barbie. Does she
really know what's
happening in the world today?
She seems a
little out of touch. It was
driven by moms
and -- saying, like, I don't
think that there's
a -- that Barbie really speaks
to me.
RICHARD GOTTLIEB, Global Toy
Experts: I think
Mattel is really responding to a
culture both
in the U.S. and globally that's
dramatically
changed.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: Richard
Gottlieb is with
a group called the Global Toy
Experts, and
he says that while Barbies sold
well last
Christmas, Mattel seems to be
acknowledging
that the world is changing.
RICHARD GOTTLIEB: Barbie has --
really had
some strong headwinds in terms
of cultural
identity in the U.S. and around
the world.
As Mattel is a corporation and
Barbie is a
brand globalized, Barbie had to
contend with
a world that was multiracial and
multicultural.
GIRL: It's important for Barbie
to look different.
RICHARD GOTTLIEB: A big part of
it is that
children and their parents want
a doll that
the child can identify with and
a sense of
accessible beauty, that I can
be, I can look
like this. And then, as far as
the body type
is concerned, I think that is
where that really
comes in, is that sense that
this is an obtainable
figure. This is a person I can
be.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: This, of
course, has long
been the criticism of Barbie
dolls, that her
exaggerated body shape and
stereotypical depiction
of what women are supposed to
look like gave
generations of young girls a
role model they
could never match up to.
MEGAN GARBER, "The Atlantic":
She has these
exaggerated breasts. She has a
tiny waist.
If you were to kind of think
about her proportions
in terms of a real woman, she
probably couldn't
bear a child, so you have that
element of
things.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: Megan Garber
is a staff
writer at "The Atlantic," and
recently wrote
a piece about the new Barbies.
MEGAN GARBER: And then you also
have just
the idea that she focuses on
fashion and she
focuses on appearance, and there
hasn't been
much out there about her
historically that
has really suggested that she
has much more
aspiration than to just be
pretty and blond
and all of that.
And Mattel has tried to fight
back a little
bit from that, with making her
an astronaut
and a doctor and all of these
different things,
but, fundamentally, I think the
appearance
of Barbie has sort of superseded
everything
else.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: In the online
news site
Mashable, writer Katie Dupere,
while complimenting
Mattel's recent move, also
summed up many
people's feelings about the doll
-- quote
-- "Barbie has, to some extent,
always been
this bully to women. Her
impossibly thin waist
has taunted us, pointing out
what for many
of us is our biggest insecurity,
our body
size. Though she is carved
plastic, she has
screamed at us across
generations, telling
us our bodies aren't good
enough."
In the Associated Press, the
University of
Maryland's Kumea Shorter-Gooden
applauded
Mattel's move, but pointed out
that -- quote
-- "European-American hair
prevails" and the
dolls are dressed in a way that
-- quote -- "conveys
a traditional and constraining
gender norm
about how girls and women should
look."
MEGAN GARBER: We live in an age
now where
there is Taylor Swift on the one
hand, but
there is also Beyonce and Kim
Kardashian and
Gina Rodriguez, and all these
different body
types, but also shades of skin.
And I think Barbie is definitely
trying to
sort of reflect that in the
culture. You look
at these Barbies, and they are
still very
much Barbie dolls. They are
still very much
-- they are thin. They -- in
general. Even
the curvy one is very thin by
most standards.
So, these are very incremental
changes. But
I do think they are changes, and
we have to
sort of embrace those changes.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: Of course,
Barbie is also
living in a much more
competitive marketplace
than just a few decades ago,
with cell phones
and apps and games constantly
vying for kids'
attention.
LEGO and its global brand
recently overtook
Mattel in total sales. And just
on the doll
front alone, the global
blockbuster "Frozen"
saw its heroine, Elsa, become
one of the bestselling
dolls even two years after the
film's release.
RICHARD GOTTLIEB: It's important
to look at
it from cyclical standpoint.
When the "Frozen"
movie came out, the "Frozen"
dolls just did
incredibly well. And, of course,
that cannibalized
a lot of Barbie sales.
So, that had an impact on last
year. But,
overall, Mattel and every toy
company has
been really challenged with a
world in which
there are so many ways to play.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: But will any
of these changes
matter at the cash register? We
talked with
some parents today at a toy
store in Arlington,
Virginia.
WOMAN: You like her?
GIRL: Yes.
WOMAN: Why do you like her?
GIRL: Pink.
WOMAN: I think it's great. I
love the new
Barbies.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: The new
Barbies are available
online for presale, and the real
test will
be when the new dolls hit the
shelves later
this year.
For the "PBS NewsHour," I'm
William Brangham.
HARI SREENIVASAN: Now: how
shortages of some
prescription drugs are forcing
doctors to
make difficult, often ethically
fraught decisions,
in some cases, choosing one
patient over another
to receive a much-needed drug,
or splitting
a single dose between two, even
three patients.
For a look at what's behind the
rationing,
how doctors and their patients
are coping,
and what might be done to
correct the problem,
we turn to Sheri Fink of The New
York Times,
who has been reporting on the
story. In addition
to being a reporter, she is also
a medical
doctor.
Dr. Fink, what's interesting is,
you're talking
about some of the best hospitals
in the country
that are going through this, not
a small,
faraway hospital where you might
expect that
there would be a shortage. This
is kind of
-- paint us a picture of how
widespread this
issue is.
DR. SHERI FINK, The New York
Times: The shortages
are affecting all types of
hospitals, clinics,
broad range of medical
specialities. It has
touched -- in recent years, this
problem has
touched just about everywhere in
America.
HARI SREENIVASAN: So, why is it
happening?
Is it specific types of drugs?
Is it specific
companies?
DR. SHERI FINK: It has to do
with, some of
the drugs often are made by only
one manufacturer.
So, if something goes wrong in a
quality sense,
for example, and they have to
shut down production,
that could leave the market not
having enough.
It could be that there's not an
economic incentive
for a lot of drug companies to
get into this.
It could be that manufacturing
chains that
-- in the factories are running
all the time,
and if one goes down, it can
affect lots of
different drugs.
So there are economic reasons,
there are regulatory
reasons. There are all sorts of
reasons. And
these shortages are becoming a
fact of life.
They have increased. In recent
years, the
number of new shortages
increased. New federal
law requiring manufacturers to
tell the FDA
if they see something like this
on the horizon
have decreased the number of new
shortages,
but the number of existing
shortages is quite
high.
And, again, it's affecting all
different parts
of medicine.
HARI SREENIVASAN: All right. So
there's a
hospital facing a tough choice,
saying we
have, let's say, five patients
that need this
drug. We only have enough drugs
for two patients.
What do they do?
DR. SHERI FINK: This is the part
that we don't
see, because, of course, the
doctors don't
want to make patients feel that
-- less trustful
of their treatment. And these
are these tough
ethical decisions.
As you said, how do you make
these choices?
They are not purely medical
choices. They
have ethical overtones. They
have overtones
of values. For example, some of
the doctors
were describing to me about, in
some cases,
a drug is used for children and
adults, and
maybe children need less of it.
So, could
you treat two children with the
same amount
of drug that you treat one
adult?
How do you make that value
judgment between
lives? It's very difficult.
(CROSSTALK)
HARI SREENIVASAN: So, if they're
using age
as a factor, do they use weight
as a factor?
Do they use the existing
condition of the
patient as a factor?
DR. SHERI FINK: All of the
above.
And it's -- the point of my
investigation
-- and I have been looking at
this for a few
years -- is that it's being done
all sorts
of ways. There is no one way.
There are very
few guidelines. Today, a group
children cancer
doctors actually published
rationing guidelines,
because children's cancer, of
all the compelling
parts of our medical system,
that has been
hit by shortages in recent
years.
And these doctors were so
worried, and they
had so little ethical guidance,
that they
said let's get together for a
few years, work
this through, get ethicists
involved, get
patient representatives
involved, and come
out with some strategies for --
to offer to
doctors who have to make these
decisions or
who may have to make them.
HARI SREENIVASAN: One of the
quotes you have
in your stories is, "We have
been forced into
what we think is highly an
unethical corner."
You actually profile -- one of
the characters
in your story is somebody that
is essentially
working on inventory in the
basement of the
Cleveland hospital, and he is in
a position
to decide which one of his
clinics and which
doctors and eventually which
patients will
get these drugs.
DR. SHERI FINK: Yes.
That quote was from Peter
Adamson, Dr. Peter
Adamson, the Children's Ecology
Group, which
is the group that came out with
these guidelines
in "The Journal of the National
Cancer Institute."
And the person you're speaking
about is Chris
Snyder. So, the Cleveland Clinic
has been
unusually proactive. They have
hired a full-time
pharmacist pretty much just to
deal with these
shortages in recent years. And
so Chris Snyder
is scurrying around the basement
of the Cleveland
Clinic, staying on top of these
drug shortages
and trying -- the first step, of
course, is
to conserve.
It's to wipe out any waste that
you might
have in your system, and to
maximize, so that
you don't have to make those
tragic choices.
But, ultimately, sometimes, they
have had
to put restrictions on which
uses, which groups
of patients would get a drug and
which wouldn't.
HARI SREENIVASAN: So, what about
the patients
in all this? You're saying that,
oftentimes,
they don't even know that the
medicine is
being rationed to or away from
them.
DR. SHERI FINK: That's right.
Sometimes, they're not being
told. A lot of
times, they're not being told.
Doctors told
me that they don't want to worry
a patient.
There was a patient I wrote
about. Her name
is Bev. And she has Crohn's
disease, and she
relies on intravenous nutrition.
So she can't
eat like you and I do.
And they cut -- during a
shortage period that
affected many elements of her
nutrition, she
wasn't told. She wasn't getting
zinc and she
came up with a horrible rash,
ended up in
the hospital, and then found out
that this
was a classic symptom of zinc
deficiency.
And she said, why didn't anybody
tell me?
So, this is just one example of
people finding
out after. There are many cases
what patients
just aren't being told. And this
is another
ethical dimension, is, should
patients be
told, at what point, and how
does the doctor
explain the relative risks of a
substitute
drug vs. the standard drug? It's
all very
complicated.
HARI SREENIVASAN: Sheri Fink
from The New
York Times, thanks so much.
DR. SHERI FINK: Thank you.
HARI SREENIVASAN: This week, the
government
of Denmark approved a law that
enables the
authorities to seize valuables
from asylum
seekers in order to pay towards
their shelter
and living expenses.
It's an effort to make one of
Europe's top
destinations less attractive to
refugees and
migrants. But one of Denmark's
leading dance
troupes is taking to the stage
to expand understanding
of the hardships many of those
same refugees
have faced. They're doing it by
incorporating
a number of asylum seekers into
a new ballet.
It opens this evening in
Copenhagen's Old
Opera House.
Special correspondent Malcolm
Brabant was
at the rehearsals, and sent us
this reflection
from the director and cast, in
their own words.
SALAM SUSU, Refugee: You cannot
explain it
in words. Like, people dying all
around you,
friends, relatives, children,
bombs, explosions,
cars. You don't know when you're
going to
be dead.
My name is Salam Susu. And I'm
from Syria.
I lived in Homs. I work as a
university professor
in music. I came here. I play
music. And I
work with a very high
professional people
who really make me feel like I'm
home. And
I really restart being a real
human being,
feeling with everything.
CHRISTIAN LOLLIKE, Director: My
name is Christian
Lollike. I'm the director of
this piece called
"Europa." It's called asylum
ballet. It's
a mix of asylum seekers and
royal ballet dancers.
I'm trying to sort of explode
the idea of
what is a refugee, because,,
very often in
Europe, refugees are considered
as parasites
who come to take things from us
and as a problem.
And I want to show that they are
much more.
MOHAMMED AL-ISHAQ, Refugee: It
was necessary
for me to leave Pakistan because
of my sexuality.
My name is Mohammed al-Ishaq
from Lahore,
Punjab.
It was becoming hard for me to
survive and
it was becoming extremely hard
for my parents
to survive because of me also,
because they
also started getting threats
from the religious
authorities who gave me threats
also that,
either I become non-gay, like
non-homosexual,
and get married normally to a
woman, or I
find my own ways, or be ready to
be killed.
ELIAN YAAKOB DAWOOD, Refugee:
When the bombs
came, we were hoping they would
hit our neighbor,
not us.
My name is Elian Yaakob Dawood.
I came from
Syria. And now I'm here in
Denmark. I need
to send a message. We all send a
message.
We are good. We love the life,
not everybody
a religious fanatic.
CHRISTIAN LOLLIKE: I think it's
actually scary
and wrong that the Danish
government is trying
to scare people away, instead of
being constructive
and work together in the
European Union and
to create a solution on this
problem.
It's very important, especially
in Denmark,
where a lot of people are afraid
of asylum
seekers and refugees. I think
it's very important
to see that they are human
beings and they
have all kind of skills and
qualifications.
SALAM SUSU: They are not all
similar. There
are a lot of really
high-educated people who
run away from death to rebuild
their life,
and to integrate into the
society, to live
the life that they really
wanted, and to explain
that we are good enough to be in
your society.
MOHAMMED AL-ISHAQ: This will
help people in
thinking differently for
refugees. They look
at us as normal human beings,
the way we are,
not just the parasite.
As far as I'm concerned, it's
very self-therapeutic
for me. Speaking about my own
life, it gives
me a feeling that, when I tell
people my story,
people respond in a way that is
not confrontation
or condemnation.
I'm not scared that they're
going to punish
me. It's not about the people
who come from
war-trodden countries only. It's
not just
the war that people are dying
of. There are
other reasons also. And I do not
come from
a place where there is war going
on. But there
is a war going on at a society
level for me,
for my sake.
So, I'm sure there are people
who have other
reasons, other than war or even
sexuality,
that they do not find a place to
survive where
they are.
SALAM SUSU: We got asylum today.
The papers
and the commune, and -- yes, I
can't explain
too much, because it's so good.
Like, you
had a paper, you are not nobody
anymore. You
became a human being.
My dream? To have a life again.
To live. To
experience my humanity. It's
really incredible.
I really start to experience my
skills on
a real world, among the real
people, who really
start to know who I am. I'm like
stepping
on stairs to dream.
HARI SREENIVASAN: Finally
tonight, how today's
teens are battling gender
stereotypes.
Shantell Gonzalez is the only
female commanding
officer of her JROTC unit at
Alonzo and Tracy
Mourning Senior High in Miami.
Her story caps
off a week of coverage from our
Student Reporting
Labs on redefining gender in our
society.
It's part of our Outside the Box
series.
WOMAN: Fall out. Attention.
Right-face.
SHANTELL GONZALEZ, Student: My
name is Shantell
Gonzalez. I'm the C.O. of the
NJROTC program
here at Alonzo and Tracy
Mourning. C.O. represents
commanding officer, who is in
charge of the
entire company.
NARRATOR: Being a woman in a
male-dominated
military branch comes with
several struggles
and conquests. But Shantell
Gonzalez has never
let that come between her and
her passion
for serving.
SHANTELL GONZALEZ: Difficult
being a female
and leading -- trying to lead
males, especially
your age group, because cadets
don't think
that they should be being told
what to do
by a person in general, and then
being told
what to do by a female is even
harder for
them to listen.
But they will eventually -- if
you do it the
correct way, they will
eventually follow what
you will say.
NARRATOR: In order to keep up
with the demands
of being a commanding officer,
Shantell attends
a physical training course with
current and
former Marines.
Staff Sergeant David Castro
(ph), an active-duty
Marine Corps recruiter who
mentors young cadets
at the Miami school, says
Shantell not only
far exceeds the expectations of
others, but
also the expectations she has of
herself.
STAFF SGT. DAVID CASTRO, Marine
Corps: She
comes here every day with a lot
of enthusiasm.
She's very optimistic about her
future. And
she's here to compete. And it
shows on a daily
basis every time she come here.
Sometimes,
she's put some of our guys to
shame.
MAN: I see her working out,
pushing herself
more. And when I see her do, it
makes me want
to push myself.
SHANTELL GONZALEZ: How do you
think men get
up to where they are? They work
for it. Females
just have to do the same thing.
NARRATOR: According to Secretary
Carter, women
will start taking on combat
roles early next
year, paving the road for future
servicewomen
like Shantell.
HARI SREENIVASAN: To see dozens
of other profiles
in this student-produced series,
visit the
Outside the Box page on our Web
site, PBS.org/NewsHour.
On the "NewsHour" online:
Thornton Dial challenged
the art world to rethink what it
meant to
be called an artist, and his
work spoke to
his experience as a
working-class black man
in the South. Dial died Monday
at the age
of 87. We asked three curators
to break down
four of his most striking
paintings, which
you can find on our home page.
And with many questions swirling
about the
spread of Zika virus, our
science team put
together a comprehensive guide
of what it
is and what you need to know to
protect yourself
and your family. Find that list
on our home
page as well, PBS.org/NewsHour.
And a reminder about some
upcoming programs
from our PBS colleagues.
Gwen Ifill is preparing for
"Washington Week,"
which airs later this evening.
Here's a preview:
GWEN IFILL: Last-minute ads,
consequential
debates, point and counterpoint,
and, finally,
voters get their first say. We
take you to
Iowa to tell you what to expect
as the 2016
campaign begins in earnest.
That's tonight
on "Washington Week" -- Hari.
HARI SREENIVASAN: Also, tune in
to "PBS NewsHour
Weekend": West Point cadets
using social media
to fight ISIS propaganda --
Judy.
JUDY WOODRUFF: In Iowa, we will
be reporting
all weekend and on Monday for
our coverage
of the caucuses, including a
special report
Monday night at 11:00 p.m.
Eastern.
I'm Judy Woodruff.
HARI SREENIVASAN: And I'm Hari
Sreenivasan.
That's the "NewsHour" for
tonight. Have a
great weekend. Thank you for
watching.